EDU-15111 - Atualizar `FastStore WebOps - Dashboard` para incluir Secrets (#1918)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/docs/getting-started/1-onboarding/dashboard.mdx

## Settings

The **Settings** tab is where you manage the following configurations:

> - [**Production domain**](#production-domain): The primary URL customers use to access the live store.
> - [**Secrets**](#secrets): Sensitive information securely managed during the FastStore project deployment process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Production domain**](#production-domain): Sets the primary URL customers use to access the live store.
- [**Secrets**](#secrets): Store and securely manage sensitive information, such as API keys and passwords, required during FastStore deployment.
```

![settings-webops](https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/secrets-webops___2869e469b5a613f389f19cc555f4c3c5.png) 

### Production domain

> As part of the go-live process, you must define your store’s production domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the [go-live](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/go-live-overview) process, you must define your store's production domain, the main URL customers will use to access your store.
```

> 
> Before adding the domain, make sure the [external DNS settings](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/go-live-1-configuring-external-dns) are correctly configured in your VTEX account settings.
> 
> In the **Production domain** section, select the store domain from the dropdown list in the **Host** field and click `Add` to set up your store's primary domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> ⚠️ Before adding the domain, make sure the [external DNS settings](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/go-live-1-configuring-external-dns) are correctly configured in your VTEX account settings.

In the **Production domain** section, select the store domain from the dropdown list in the **Host** field and click `Add` to set up your store's primary domain.
```

Reviewer: Sugeri destacar a parte do DNS em um callout porque me pareceu que a frase ficou um pouco solta no texto e por ser uma parte importante antes de começar.

#### Current domains

The **Current Domains** section displays the default and primary domains configured for your store. This section is a reference point to ensure your domains are correctly set up in WebOps. By checking this list, you can confirm whether your domains have been successfully added and are ready for use in the FastStore environment. 

> If your domain isn't listed, it may indicate an issue with the configuration or DNS settings that need to be addressed before proceeding with the go-live.

Reviewer: Alguma orientação de como resolver esse problema ou checá-lo? Abrir ticket? Onde a pessoa pode checar mais?

### Secrets

> Secrets, like API keys and passwords, need secure management during FastStore deployment. Standardizing secrets management via WebOps enhances security and consistency across deployment providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secrets are encrypted credentials, like API keys and passwords, that require secure management during FastStore deployment. Standardizing secrets management via WebOps enhances security and consistency across deployment providers.
```

In the **Secrets** section, define the **Key** and **Value** in their respective fields and click `Add` to set up the secret.

#### Current keys

The **Current keys** section lists all secrets configured for your store. This list shows each secret’s key (the identifier), while the value is hidden by default for security reasons. You can toggle the visibility of a secret’s value if needed.

> >ℹ Learn more about Secrets in [Managing secrets](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/security-managing-secrets).

Author: [PR 1917](https://github.com/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content/pull/1917)

> >ℹ Learn more about Secrets in [Managing secrets](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/security-managing-secrets).

Reviewer: Acho que esse callout pode vir antes. Como na seção Secrets já estamos falando disso, faz mais sentido já ter algo ali no início, na linha 31 por exemplo.

![settings-webops](https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/secrets-webops___2869e469b5a613f389f19cc555f4c3c5.png) 

### Production domain

As part of the [go-live](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/go-live-overview) process, you must define your store's production domain, the main URL customers will use to access your store.

> ⚠️ Before adding the domain, make sure the [external DNS settings](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/go-live-1-configuring-external-dns) are correctly configured in your VTEX account settings.

In the **Production domain** section, select the store domain from the dropdown list in the **Host** field and click `Add` to set up your store's primary domain.

#### Current domains

The **Current Domains** section displays the default and primary domains configured for your store. This section is a reference point to ensure your domains are correctly set up in WebOps. By checking this list, you can confirm whether your domains have been successfully added and are ready for use in the FastStore environment. 

> If your domain isn't listed, it may indicate an issue with the configuration or DNS settings that need to be addressed before proceeding with the go-live. If you follow the [external DNS settings](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/go-live-1-configuring-external-dns) guide correctly and the problem persists, open a ticket to [VTEX support](https://help.vtex.com/en/support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ If your domain isn't listed, it may indicate an issue with the configuration or DNS settings that need to be addressed before proceeding with the go-live. If you follow the [external DNS settings](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/go-live-1-configuring-external-dns) guide correctly and the problem persists, open a ticket to [VTEX support](https://help.vtex.com/en/support).
```

### Secrets

Secrets are encrypted credentials, like API keys and passwords, that require secure management during FastStore deployment. Standardizing secrets management via WebOps enhances security and consistency across deployment providers.

In the **Secrets** section, define the **Key** and **Value** in their respective fields and click `Add` to set up the secret.

> >ℹ Learn more about Secrets in [Managing secrets](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/security-managing-secrets).

Author: [PR 1917](https://github.com/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content/pull/1917)
